Steve's New Galaxy is a Minecraft Modpack and Public Semi-Anarchy Server.

We have been around for over a year and are currently running on Minecraft version 1.16.5

We have developed multiple of our own mods for this modpack and combined them with some other community favorites from other mod creators to give you a specially curated modded minecraft experience with friends and foes.

Survive the post-apocalyptic Wastelands
Most of Earth has been destroyed and it will prove to be a challenging task to stay alive and get some basic machinery up and running.

Travel Faster-Than-Light through Outer Space
We have 19 new planet/moon dimensions for you to uncover and explore using three different kinds of buildable space vessels.

999
AVAILABLE PLAYER SLOTS
Bring your friends on this journey with you on our free-to-play public server!

Be wary, some people may want to attack and raid you.
SNG
We have developed multiple of our own mods for this modpack, you can find links to all of them on our parent company's website.

https://sprvlln.org/minecraft

JOIN THE SNG COMMUNITY.
Discord: https://discord.gg/PBB5MTNJ6V

MADE BY STEVE.
This modpack, this website, and the server itself are managed by myself, Steven Spiro Angelakis, Jr., a musician and independent video game developer. I did not create the individual mods in this compilation, and if any of the amazing coders that created all of this content for us have any inquiries relating to their mod being in the pack, they are more than welcome to join the discord server.

I did, however, create the Steve's Wasteland mod, Steve's Currency mod, Steve's ICBM mod, Steve's Quarry mod, and Steve's Universe mod for this server, myself.

Video Games I've Made:
Check out my Itch page and download my games! I will upload more games there in the future.

https://sprvlln.itch.io/

I stream on Twitch, too:
I stream almost daily for many hours, usually playing video games, creating 3D models, or developing my game projects.

Come drop a follow for me and hang out with us sometime.

https://www.twitch.tv/sprvlln_tv


Powered by SPRVLLN.
https://sprvlln.org/
Steve's New Galaxy
Mod List
Get the Modpack
Steve's Guide to the Apocalypse
Vote For SNG!